add UID problem to TROUBLESHOOTING.md (#2)
skills17/competition-manager: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

This is required to run Node.js and PHP commands. Otherwise, you might encounter `EPERM` errors.

## I'm getting a `Permission denied` error when downloading/decrypting the tasks and I'm on Linux/MacOS

__Issue:__

The user and group of your host and Docker container probably mismatch. Therefore, the Docker container user doesn't have the permission to write to your `competitions/` directory.

__Solution:__

> Get your user and group ID by running `id` in your terminal. You need to tell docker to use these IDs by adding them to the `docker-compose.yml` at the `competitions-manager` level. Replace `1000:1000` with your UID and GID respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your user and group ID by running `id` in your terminal. You need to let Docker know about these IDs by adding them to the `docker-compose.yaml` file at the `competitions-manager` level. Replace `1000:1000` with your UID and GID respectively.
```
